[Music]
ten easy exercises for beautiful arms
and tight breasts a French TV star and
the author of the bestseller self
lifting Camille Volare developed a set
of exercises for beautiful breath which
has become popular all over the world
you won't need any special equipment to
do the exercises so you can start this
physical workout right now while
watching this video of stars exercise
let's start with this warming up
exercise that has such a beautiful name
it helps to correct your posture and
strengthen your back first of all get
into a correct position to do this stand
straight and bend your head backward
alternately stretch your arms up to the
sky making a fist with every grab of a
star repeat these movements for one
minute you can start now I'll tell you
why a warming up activity is so
important before a workout it elevates
your body temperature which in turn
improves the elasticity of muscles it
makes blood vessels dilate which leads
to lower stress on your heart
what is more quality warm-up serves as a
mental preparation for a workout it
increases your focus prepares your mind
and improves concentration
[Music]
yes as easy as that okay it's time to
finish catching stars now let's get down
to the main set of exercises elephant
exercise elephant exercise helps to
strengthen the back in the neck as well
as relax chest muscles one spread your
legs shoulder-width apart and bend your
torso forward control the position of
your back it should be parallel to the
floor to relax your arms and put them
down then start swinging them to the
left and to the right at the same time
walking backwards your head should mimic
your arms movements three move this way
for half a minute is that clear if not
really look at the example on the screen
and repeat this same movement Ready
Steady Go
[Music]
this exercise may seem a bit funny or
embarrassing but actually it's a perfect
way to lengthen your spine release
tension in your lower back and relax
your neck back and chest muscles Cobra
exercise Cobra exercise strengthens your
upper body
it might seem difficult for an untrained
person to perform this exercise but if
you do it regularly it gets easier with
time one lie on your tummy
- put your hands behind your head
breathe
lift your upper body and head from the
floor or try to keep your elbows to the
sides when lifting your head legs should
be kept together 5 do 15 reps
this exercise helps get rid of back and
neck pain builds upper body strength and
as a bonus stretches your abs
[Music]
have you finished a great job tennis
ball exercise this exercise is
considered one of the most important
elements of this set and helps to
strengthen breast muscles one stand
straight with your legs hip width apart
to take a tennis ball and place it
between your palms at the level of your
chest three push your arms toward each
other
squeezing the tennis ball as much as you
can but don't break it you strong lady
and then relax keeping your elbow
straight out to the side let's do 15
repetitions of this exercise fifteen
fourteen keep your back straight ten
nine eight can you feel your breast
muscles becoming stronger
five four three just a bit more finished
you're simply the best
[Music]
book exercise this exercise is perfect
for tightening breasts and strengthening
back muscles as it's clear from the name
of this exercise to do it correctly
you'll need some particular equipment
one
first of all stand straight and stretch
your arms keeping palms upward to put a
sick book on each palm if you need time
to side books pause this video if you're
somewhere where there are no books use
dumbbells although in this case you
won't have the same fun and the name of
the exercise won't be justified 3 spread
your arms to the sides then bring them
together in front of you let's repeat
this exercise 15 times 15 14 13 not too
fast
10 9 8 great 6 5 just a little bit more
3 2 1 hopefully your books haven't been
too heavy
scissors exercise first of all stand
straight and relax your shoulders 1
stretch your arms to the side keeping
palms down to bring them to the front
overlapping each other alternate
overlapping arms with every rep 3 keep
doing this for 30 seconds
[Music]
the scissors exercise helps to stretch
chest muscles and correct the posture
the main thing you should pay attention
to
please help straighten back is what is
more don't hurry concentrate on the way
to perform the exercise five more
seconds finished
[Music]
Albatross exercise this exercise is for
strengthening your large and small chest
muscles 1 keep your body straight and
put your legs hip width apart to stretch
your arms parallel to the floor
keeping your palms up 3 move your hands
backward as much as possible and then
back to the initial position 4
you need to repeat this exercise for 30
seconds as well you might feel a bit
tired now but think about your straight
back perfect posture and beautiful
breasts just 15 seconds are left 10 9 8
7 great job
4 3 2 1
breathe out and relax pillow exercise
like the previous exercise the pillow
tweens your large and small chest
muscles 1 stand straight keeping your
legs together to take a pillow push your
arms toward each other
squeezing the pillow then relax 3 repeat
these movements 15 times once again if
you need some time to find a proper
pillow pause the video have you grabbed
one then let's start 15 14 13 12 11 10 9
seven don't pity the pillow think about
your beautiful taut muscles three two
one great job
cradle exercise the cradle exercise
helps to strengthen supporting breast
muscles
it's technique is pretty simple but you
need to follow it precisely one stand
straight and keep your arms crossed in
front of your chest with your palms
place on your elbows to try to lick your
arms in this position creating tension
by pressing your elbows with your pops
three repeat this 15 times if you do
everything correctly you will feel
tension on both sides of your breasts
this means that the supporting breast
muscles are getting stronger
lifting your breath
[Music]
under chin exercise here's the last
exercise of this set one bend arms in
front of you keeping elbows at the level
of your shoulders to put one palm over
the other thus creating an under chin
three press your palms down with your
chin at the same time resisting with
your palms as strong as you can for
repeat this 20 times as you will feel
and see after some time this exercise
strengthens the chest and back muscles
that's why it's so important to finish
your workout with these movements
[Music]
if you've done 20 repetitions great
you're on your way to a perfect upper
body you should repeat this set of
exercises every day within the first 10
to 20 days after reaching the desired
result
according to Camille Volare you'll
notice the first positive changes after
20 days you can perform these exercises
three days a week are you aware of any
other helpful exercises tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you